{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Static WOT-style ad creative, vertical 4:5.\
\
A lonely young adult sitting on the floor in the corner of a large empty room, knees pulled to chest. Blurred silhouettes of people pass outside a glass wall, ignoring the character.\
\
Mood: emotional isolation, feeling unseen.\
\
TEXT (must be large, clean, high contrast, fully readable, centered top-to-middle layout):\
\
This will hurt, are you ready?\
\
You feel invisible. Like you could disappear and no one would even notice.\
It's not just loneliness. It's being alone in a crowd. Alone in your feelings. Alone in your opinions.\
Maybe you learned early on that no one was really listening. You had to handle it all yourself. And now you're still waiting for someone to actually see you.\
\
There is an app called Voiced, where you can talk things through and actually reflect.\
It's private, judgment-free, and the AI actually helps you spot the patterns, makes you reflect. Basically a journal that writes back.\
\
This is probably the best tool for self-reflection on the market.\
\
Tap on the screen if you are ready to try.\
\
Typography: bold headline, clean sans-serif, strong hierarchy, paragraph readable.\
Leave visual in lower 30\'9640% of frame.\
\
No logos, no UI, no watermark.\
}